http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7372 # Apicoposterior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7374 # Superior lingular bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7375 # Inferior lingular bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7361 # Lateral bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7360 # Medial bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_11181 # Bronchopulmonary segment of left lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_8743 # Bronchopulmonary segment of right lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_13195 # Posterior basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7362 # Right posterior basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7380 # Left posterior basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_13194 # Lateral basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7379 # Left lateral basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7363 # Right lateral basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_13193 # Anterior basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7378 # Left anterior basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7364 # Right anterior basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_13192 # Medial basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7377 # Left medial basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7365 # Right medial basal bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_13191 # Superior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7376 # Left superior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7366 # Right superior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_13190 # Anterior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7359 # Right anterior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7373 # Left anterior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_13189 # Posterior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7339 # Right posterior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7386 # Left posterior bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_13188 # Apical bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7338 # Right apical bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_7385 # Left apical bronchopulmonary segment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15757 # Region of anterior sector of left liver (in-vivo)
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15741 # Hepatovenous segment III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15742 # Hepatovenous segment IV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15755 # Region of anterior sector of right liver (in-vivo)
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15746 # Hepatovenous segment VIII
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15743 # Hepatovenous segment V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15756 # Region of posterior sector of right liver (in-vivo)
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15744 # Hepatovenous segment VI
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15745 # Hepatovenous segment VII
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15747 # Hepatovenous segment IX
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15739 # Hepatovenous segment II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15805 # Hepatovenous segment IVa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15806 # Hepatovenous segment IVb
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15816 # Hepatovenous segment IXb
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15817 # Hepatovenous segment IXc
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15818 # Hepatovenous segment IXd
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_86310 # Zone of kidney
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_14092 # Zone of small intestine
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_86175 # Zone of large intestine
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_17559 # Zone of uterus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_26659 # Segment of trachea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_15725 # Subsegment of liver
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_33934 # Epiphyseal plate of tibia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_32792 # Epiphyseal plate of femur
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FMA_34074 # Epiphyseal plate of fibula
